It's hard to say because you're you're part of the command, your priorities
should align. What I could say is that there are times when the
commands priorities did not align with the the tear of command above.
That's priority of us priorities. Um, so in a Nativity in aviation,
you have several different squadrons, and their squadrons belong
to the wing, and there's a wing commander and usually tasking comes
through the wing and is given out in his dispersed amongst the squadron's,
depending on Operation tempo and all that type of thing. Uh,
the wing typically does not care too much about what your person, what
your personal command problems are. You can always voice them, but
they often times say, That's nice to know. Now do what I had to do.
Do it, we're telling you to d'oh! So there are plenty of times where
that has come into play. One of them, specifically was being prepared
to help put out what wildfires in Southern California and a lot
of the hoops we had to jump through to make that be a possibility
was was truly frustrating. But nonetheless, we had to do it, how we
didn't have a choice